AWS Personalize note (#887)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/aws-personalize.mdx

* **Disable Stringifying Additional Properties**: Disables the conversion of additional properties to string data type in AWS Personalize. 

<div class="infoBlock">

> This is an exclusive setting only applicable for the <code class="inline-code">putEvents</code> operation. If it is disabled, any mapped fields other than <code class="inline-code">ITEM_ID</code>, <code class="inline-code">EVENT_VALUE</code>, <code class="inline-code">IMPRESSION</code>, <code class="inline-code">RECOMMENDATION_ID</code>, <code class="inline-code">TIMESTAMP</code>, <code class="inline-code">EVENT_TYPE</code>, and <code class="inline-code">USER_ID</code> will be converted to a string before forwarding them to Personalize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an exclusive setting only applicable for the <code class="inline-code">putEvents</code> operation. If it is disabled, any mapped fields other than <code class="inline-code">ITEM_ID</code>, <code class="inline-code">EVENT_VALUE</code>, <code class="inline-code">IMPRESSION</code>, <code class="inline-code">RECOMMENDATION_ID</code>, <code class="inline-code">TIMESTAMP</code>, <code class="inline-code">EVENT_TYPE</code>, and <code class="inline-code">USER_ID</code> will be converted to a string before being forwarded to Personalize.
```
